README.md, before:

# React, Node.js and MySQL
A basic template for creating a React app to run basic MySQL queries.

For this project the front-end (contained in the client folder) was hosted on Netlify and the back-end (contained in the server folder) was hosted on Heroku with the MySQL server being a free instance of ClearDB on Heroku.
# Netlify
## Build settings
Base directory: client

Build command: npm run build

Publish directory: client/build
# Heroku
## ClearDB
Go to Resources and add the free tier of ClearDB MySQL.

Go to Settings > Config Vars and reveal to see the URL to your ClearDB server. It'll have a format of

    mysql://[user]:[pass]@[host]/[database]

E.g., if the Config Var is 

    mysql://b57e165b4c319d:password@us-cdbr-east-04.cleardb.com/heroku_200e0e8c7fc90b0?reconnect=true

Then your connection pool information in index.js should be

    const db = mysql.createPool({
        connectionLimit: 10,
        user: 'b57e165b4c319d',
        host: 'us-cdbr-east-04.cleardb.com',
        password: password,
        database: 'heroku_200e0e8c7fc90b0'
    });

Instead of putting the password directly in the code though create a new Config Var on Heroku named DB_PASSWORD with the value containing the actual password, then change the connection pool information in index.js to

    const db = mysql.createPool({
        connectionLimit: 10,
        user: 'b57e165b4c319d',
        host: 'us-cdbr-east-04.cleardb.com',
        password: process.env.DB_PASSWORD,
        database: 'heroku_200e0e8c7fc90b0'
    });

You'll need to update the link to your database in the GetQuery.jsx file's Axios.get() function as well.
## Node.js
Go to Settings > Buildpacks and add "https://github.com/timanovsky/subdir-heroku-buildpack.git" as a buildpack. Drag to be first/before heroku/nodejs

Go to Settings > Config Vars and add a config var with the name "PROJECT_PATH" and value "server"

Commit message:

add note for MySQL Workbench

README.md, after:

# React, Node.js and MySQL
A basic template for creating a React app to run basic MySQL queries.

For this project the front-end (contained in the client folder) was hosted on Netlify and the back-end (contained in the server folder) was hosted on Heroku with the MySQL server being a free instance of ClearDB on Heroku.
# Netlify
## Build settings
Base directory: client

Build command: npm run build

Publish directory: client/build
# Heroku
## ClearDB
Go to Resources and add the free tier of ClearDB MySQL.

Go to Settings > Config Vars and reveal to see the URL to your ClearDB server. It'll have a format of

    mysql://[user]:[pass]@[host]/[database]

E.g., if the Config Var is 

    mysql://b57e165b4c319d:password@us-cdbr-east-04.cleardb.com/heroku_200e0e8c7fc90b0?reconnect=true

Then your connection pool information in index.js should be

    const db = mysql.createPool({
        connectionLimit: 10,
        user: 'b57e165b4c319d',
        host: 'us-cdbr-east-04.cleardb.com',
        password: password,
        database: 'heroku_200e0e8c7fc90b0'
    });

Instead of putting the password directly in the code though create a new Config Var on Heroku named DB_PASSWORD with the value containing the actual password, then change the connection pool information in index.js to

    const db = mysql.createPool({
        connectionLimit: 10,
        user: 'b57e165b4c319d',
        host: 'us-cdbr-east-04.cleardb.com',
        password: process.env.DB_PASSWORD,
        database: 'heroku_200e0e8c7fc90b0'
    });

You'll need to update the link to your database in the GetQuery.jsx file's Axios.get() function as well.

You can then use the credentials and connection information to connect to the ClearDB server from MySQL Workbench and run your dump file to recreate your database on ClearDB.
## Node.js
Go to Settings > Buildpacks and add "https://github.com/timanovsky/subdir-heroku-buildpack.git" as a buildpack. Drag to be first/before heroku/nodejs

Go to Settings > Config Vars and add a config var with the name "PROJECT_PATH" and value "server"
